change url to host in custom tracker store (#4808)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/4734.improvement.rst

Changed ``url`` ``__init__()`` arguments for custom tracker stores to ``host`` to reflect the ``__init__`` arguments of 

> current suppoerted tracker stores. Note that in ``endpoints.yml``, these are still declared as ``url``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currently supported tracker stores. Note that in ``endpoints.yml``, these are still declared as ``url``.
```

Author: 🙈 thanks tmbo 😅
